Programming Languages

C - an older programming language that is described as Hands-on. As the programmer you must tell the program to do everything. Also this language will let you do almost anything.It does not support object orriented code. Thus no classes. C has facilities for structured programming and allows lexical variable scope and recursion, while a static type system prevents many unintended operations. In C, all executable code is contained within subroutines, which are called "functions" (although not in the strict sense of functional programming).  

C# - Full object orriented code resembling the style of C/C++ code. C# is the latest version of the C style languages and is very good for developing web applications. C# is a 'managed' language, this means that code compiles to an intermediate form which then runs in a virtual machine. This particular VM is known as the "CLR" or Common Language Runtime.Typically C# uses 'JIT' or "Just In Time" compilation which means that it is compiled to an intermediate form by a compiler, then a VM compiles that intermediate form to the platform's native form when it is run. C++ - an extention language per se of C. 

Java – it is a general-purpose computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented, and specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. It is intended to let application developers "write once, run anywhere" (WORA), meaning that code that runs on one platform does not need to be recompiled to run on another.
Java and C# are similar programming languages that are statically, strongly, and manifestly typed, both areclass-based object-oriented, both are designed with semi-interpretation or runtime compilation in mind, both use garbage-collection, and both are "curly brace languages" like C and C++. One of the original motivations for creating Java was to create a language where compiled code could run on any operating system. While it is possible in some situations to, say, write portable C++ code, this C++ source code still needs to be compiled to run on some new targeted operating system and CPU. So Java faced a large challenge in making this happen.

PHP- PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development but also used as a general-purpose programming language. In short, PHP has power to work with any kind of platform no matter whether it is Mac OS X, Windows , Unix, Linux or any other but C# can go with Microsoft Windows.

Python is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language. Its design philosophy emphasizes code readability, and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than would be possible in languages such as C++ or Java. The language provides constructs intended to enable clear programs on both a small and large scale. Python is strongly typed. A list or integer or dictionary is always of the given type. The object's type cannot be changed. C# is statically typed. The variables are declared to the compiler to be of a specific type. The code is generated based on certain knowledge about the variables use at run-time. C# is compiled -- the compiler generates code based on the declared assumptions.



