Code::Blocks - An open-source cross-platform C/C++ IDE written in wxWidgets. Its pluggable architecture enables it to be extended easily by the use of external plugins (most of its functionality is provided by plugins). Supported compilers are GNU GCC, MS Visual C++ Free Toolkit 2003, Digital Mars, and Borland C++ Compiler 5.5.
Eclipse: In computer programming, Eclipse is an integrated development environment (IDE). It contains a baseworkspace and an extensible plug-in system for customizing the environment. Written mostly in Java, Eclipse can be used to develop applications. By means of various plug-ins, Eclipse may also be used to develop applications in other programming languages: Ada, ABAP, C, C++, COBOL, Fortran, Haskell, JavaScript, Lasso,Natural, Perl, PHP, Prolog, Python, R, Ruby (including Ruby on Rails framework), Scala, Clojure, Groovy,Scheme, and Erlang. 
Microsoft Visual Studio is an integrated development environment (IDE) from Microsoft. It is used to developcomputer programs for Microsoft Windows, as well as web sites, web applications and web services. Visual Studio uses Microsoft software development platforms such as Windows API, Windows Forms, Windows Presentation Foundation, Windows Store and Microsoft Silverlight. It can produce both native code andmanaged code.
MonoDevelop is an open source integrated development environment for Linux, OS X, and Windows. Its primary focus is development of projects that use Mono and .NET frameworks. MonoDevelop integrates features similar to those of NetBeans and Microsoft Visual Studio, such as automatic code completion, source control, a graphical user interface (GUI) and Web designer. MonoDevelop integrates a Gtk# GUI designer calledStetic. It supports Boo, C, C++, C#, CIL, D, F#, Java, Oxygene, Python, Vala, and Visual Basic.NET.
NetBeans is an integrated development environment (IDE) for developing primarily with Java, but also with other languages, in particular PHP, C/C++, and HTML5.[3] It is also an application platform framework for Java desktop applications and others.
